#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
accessible-pygments==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   inapppy
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   aiohttp
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   kombu
analytics-python==1.4.post1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
app-store-notifications-v2-validator==0.0.7
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
astroid==2.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   redis
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   zeep
babel==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oscar
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
backoff==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
backports-zoneinfo[tzdata]==0.2.1 ; python_version < "3.9"
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   djangorestframework
    #   kombu
bcrypt==4.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   webtest
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
bleach==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
boto3==1.34.96
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
botocore==1.34.96
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-auth
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ecommerce-worker
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   app-store-notifications-v2-validator
    #   cryptography
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   diff-cover
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   edx-django-utils
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
configparser==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
coverage[toml]==7.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   pytest-cov
crispy-bootstrap3==2024.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
crypto==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   app-store-notifications-v2-validator
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   paramiko
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   social-auth-core
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   premailer
cssutils==2.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   premailer
cybersource-rest-client-python==0.0.21
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
datetime==5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
diff-cover==7.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django==3.2.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   crispy-bootstrap3
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-crum
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-extra-views
    #   django-filter
    #   django-haystack
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-oscar
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-solo
    #   django-tables2
    #   django-treebeard
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-sites-extensions
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-rbac
    #   jsonfield
    #   jsonfield2
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   xss-utils
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-compressor
django-compressor==4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-libsass
django-config-models==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-crispy-forms==2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   crispy-bootstrap3
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-rbac
django-debug-toolbar==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-extra-views==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oscar
django-filter==23.5
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-haystack==3.3b2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oscar
django-libsass==0.9
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-model-utils==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rbac
django-oscar==3.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-phonenumber-field==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oscar
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-solo==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-tables2==2.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oscar
django-threadlocals==0.10
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-treebeard==4.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oscar
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
django-webtest==1.9.11
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-widget-tweaks==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oscar
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   djangorestframework-datatables
    #   drf-extensions
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework-csv==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
djangorestframework-datatables==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pymongo
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
drf-extensions==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-braze-client==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ecommerce-worker
edx-django-release-util==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-sites-extensions==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==5.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
edx-drf-extensions==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rbac
edx-ecommerce-worker==3.3.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-i18n-tools==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rbac==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-rest-api-client==5.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ecommerce-worker
enum34==1.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
extras==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oscar
faker==25.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
fixtures==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
freezegun==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
funcsigs==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwkest
getsmarter-api-clients==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
google-api-core==2.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   inapppy
google-auth==2.29.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-core
httplib2==0.20.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
idna==2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   markdown
    #   pytest-randomly
    #   sphinx
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
inapppy==2.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
ipaddress==1.0.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
iso8601==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-subunit
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   zeep
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreschema
    #   diff-cover
    #   pytest-html
    #   sphinx
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
jsonfield2==4.0.0.post0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
kombu==5.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid
libsass==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-libsass
linecache2==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   traceback2
logger==1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
lxml[html-clean]==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   premailer
    #   zeep
lxml-html-clean==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
markdown==3.4.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mysqlclient==1.4.6
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
naked==0.1.32
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   crypto
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
ndg-httpsclient==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
newrelic==9.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
nose==1.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   inapppy
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openedx-atlas==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-haystack
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   tox
paramiko==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
path==16.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
path-py==7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
paypalrestsdk==1.13.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   fixtures
    #   stevedore
phonenumbers==8.13.35
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oscar
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oscar
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
platformdirs==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   zeep
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   pytest
    #   tox
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
premailer==2.9.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-repl
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
ptvsd==4.3.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
purl==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oscar
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   ndg-httpsclient
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
    #   x509
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pycountry==17.1.8
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   app-store-notifications-v2-validator
    #   cffi
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
pycryptodome==3.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
pycryptodomex==3.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   pyjwkest
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.14.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx-book-theme
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   diff-cover
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   app-store-notifications-v2-validator
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==2.12.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pymongo==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   paramiko
pyopenssl==24.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   app-store-notifications-v2-validator
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   ndg-httpsclient
    #   paypalrestsdk
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   httplib2
pypi==2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
pytest==7.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-html
    #   pytest-metadata
    #   pytest-randomly
    #   pytest-selenium
    #   pytest-timeout
    #   pytest-variables
pytest-base-url==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-selenium
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-html==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-selenium
pytest-metadata==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-html
pytest-randomly==3.15.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-selenium==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-timeout==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-variables==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-selenium
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-memcached==1.59
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-mimeparse==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
python-subunit==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
python-toolbox==1.0.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   babel
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   datetime
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework-datatables
    #   drf-yasg
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   zeep
pywatchman==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   naked
    #   responses
rcssmin==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-compressor
redis==5.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ecommerce-worker
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   coreapi
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   google-api-core
    #   inapppy
    #   naked
    #   paypalrestsdk
    #   pyjwkest
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-selenium
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   responses
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
    #   sphinx
    #   stripe
    #   zeep
requests-file==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   zeep
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   social-auth-core
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   zeep
responses==0.25.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
rjsmin==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-compressor
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   google-auth
    #   inapppy
    #   oauth2client
rules==3.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
s3transfer==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
selenium==3.141.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-selenium
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
shellescape==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   crypto
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   bleach
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-ecommerce-worker
    #   edx-rbac
    #   isodate
    #   oauth2client
    #   paypalrestsdk
    #   purl
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-memcached
    #   tenacity
    #   tox
    #   transifex-client
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
social-auth-app-django==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sorl-thumbnail==12.10.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==6.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
sphinx-book-theme==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/docs.txt
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
stripe==9.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
tenacity==6.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-selenium
testfixtures==8.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
testtools==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   python-subunit
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   tox
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
tox==3.14.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox-battery
tox-battery==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
traceback2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
transifex-client==0.12.5
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
typing==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   kombu
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pylint
    #   stripe
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   selenium
    #   transifex-client
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==16.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
waitress==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   webtest
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bleach
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   webtest
webtest==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-webtest
wheel==0.43.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid
x509==0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
xss-utils==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
yarl==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   aiohttp
zeep==4.2.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
zipp==3.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
zope-interface==6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   datetime

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
